doc/source/features.rst, before:

.. _pyvsc-features:

PyVSC Features
##############

Constraint Features


=========================  ======  =============  ===  ===========
Feature                    PyVSC   SystemVerilog  PSS  Description
<                          Y       Y              Y
>                          Y       Y              Y
<=                         Y       Y              Y
>=                         Y       Y              Y
==                         Y       Y              Y
!=                         Y       Y              Y
``+``                      Y       Y              Y
``-``                      Y       Y              Y
``/``                      Y       Y              Y
``*``                      Y       Y              Y
%                          Y       Y              Y
&                          Y       Y              Y
``|``                      Y       Y              Y
``^``                      Y       Y              Y
&&                         Y (&)   Y              Y
||                         Y (|)   Y              Y
<<                         Y       Y              Y
>>                         Y       Y              Y
~ (unary)                  Y       Y              Y
unary |                    N       Y              N
unary &                    N       Y              N
unary ^                    N       Y              N
scalar signed field        Y       Y              Y
scalar unsigned field      Y       Y              Y
scalar enum field          Y       Y              Y
scalar fixed-size array    Y       Y              Y
scalar dynamic array       Y       Y              N
class fixed-size array     Y       Y              Y
class dynamic array        Y       Y              N
class (in)equality         N       N              Y
array sum                  N       Y              Y
array size                 N       Y              Y
array reduction OR         N       Y              N
array reduction AND        N       Y              N
array reduction XOR        N       Y              N
part select ``[bit]``      Y       Y              Y
part select ``[msb:lsb]``  Y       Y              Y
default                    N       N              Y
`dist`                     Y       Y              N
dynamic                    Y       N              Y
inside (in)                Y       Y              Y
soft                       Y       Y              N
solve before               N       Y              N
`unique`                   Y       Y              Y
`foreach`                  Y       Y              Y
`forall`                   N       Y              Y
`pre_randomize`            Y       Y              Y
`post_randomize`           Y       Y              Y
constraint override        Y       Y              Y
`constraint_mode`          Y       Y              N
=========================  ======  =============  ===  ===========


Coverage Features


============================  ======  =============  ===  ===========
Feature                       PyVSC   SystemVerilog  PSS  Description
covergroup type               Y       Y              Y
covergroup inline type        N       N              Y
bins                          Y       Y              Y
ignore_bins                   N       Y              Y
illegal_bins                  N       Y              Y
coverpoint                    Y       Y              Y
coverpoint single bin         Y       Y              Y 
coverpoint array bin          Y       Y              Y 
coverpoint auto bins          Y       Y              Y 
coverpoint transition bin     N       Y              N 
cross auto bins               Y       Y              Y
cross bin expressions         N       Y              Y
cross explicit bins           N       Y              Y
cross ignore_bins             N       Y              Y
cross illegal_bins            N       Y              Y
============================  ======  =============  ===  ===========

Commit message:

Cache randomization variables and reuse on next call; Minor doc fixes
Locally this appears to make randomization calls
25-50% faster for the first couple hundred calls,
but falls off as the Boolector instances grow.

Noted the 'and' and 'or' non-overloadable operators
and an issue with one of the examples calling
randomization() using an empty with block.

doc/source/features.rst, after:

.. _pyvsc-features:

PyVSC Features
##############

Constraint Features

The short-circuit operators, ``and`` and ``or``, in Python can cannot be overloaded by PyVSC and shouldn't be used in constraints.

=========================  ======  =============  ===  ===========
Feature                    PyVSC   SystemVerilog  PSS  Description
<                          Y       Y              Y
>                          Y       Y              Y
<=                         Y       Y              Y
>=                         Y       Y              Y
==                         Y       Y              Y
!=                         Y       Y              Y
``+``                      Y       Y              Y
``-``                      Y       Y              Y
``/``                      Y       Y              Y
``*``                      Y       Y              Y
%                          Y       Y              Y
&                          Y       Y              Y
``|``                      Y       Y              Y
``^``                      Y       Y              Y
&&                         Y (&)   Y              Y
||                         Y (|)   Y              Y
<<                         Y       Y              Y
>>                         Y       Y              Y
~ (unary)                  Y       Y              Y
unary |                    N       Y              N
unary &                    N       Y              N
unary ^                    N       Y              N
scalar signed field        Y       Y              Y
scalar unsigned field      Y       Y              Y
scalar enum field          Y       Y              Y
scalar fixed-size array    Y       Y              Y
scalar dynamic array       Y       Y              N
class fixed-size array     Y       Y              Y
class dynamic array        Y       Y              N
class (in)equality         N       N              Y
array sum                  N       Y              Y
array size                 N       Y              Y
array reduction OR         N       Y              N
array reduction AND        N       Y              N
array reduction XOR        N       Y              N
part select ``[bit]``      Y       Y              Y
part select ``[msb:lsb]``  Y       Y              Y
default                    N       N              Y
`dist`                     Y       Y              N
dynamic                    Y       N              Y
inside (in)                Y       Y              Y
soft                       Y       Y              N
solve before               N       Y              N
`unique`                   Y       Y              Y
`foreach`                  Y       Y              Y
`forall`                   N       Y              Y
`pre_randomize`            Y       Y              Y
`post_randomize`           Y       Y              Y
constraint override        Y       Y              Y
`constraint_mode`          Y       Y              N
=========================  ======  =============  ===  ===========


Coverage Features


============================  ======  =============  ===  ===========
Feature                       PyVSC   SystemVerilog  PSS  Description
covergroup type               Y       Y              Y
covergroup inline type        N       N              Y
bins                          Y       Y              Y
ignore_bins                   N       Y              Y
illegal_bins                  N       Y              Y
coverpoint                    Y       Y              Y
coverpoint single bin         Y       Y              Y 
coverpoint array bin          Y       Y              Y 
coverpoint auto bins          Y       Y              Y 
coverpoint transition bin     N       Y              N 
cross auto bins               Y       Y              Y
cross bin expressions         N       Y              Y
cross explicit bins           N       Y              Y
cross ignore_bins             N       Y              Y
cross illegal_bins            N       Y              Y
============================  ======  =============  ===  ===========
